Previously on Dexter...
We have a serial killer
who's taking out
rideshare drivers.
- Are you him?
- Who?
The guy who broke
into my apartment
and left the invitation
with all my trophies.
No.
"You're cordially invited
to a dinner party
for like-minded individuals."
It's a dinner party
for serial killers.
- Ronald Schmidt?
- Call me Red.
Time to meet
the man of the manor.
Leon Prater. I've been hosting
this gathering for years.
So there are others?
The Tattoo Collector.
- Welcome to the freak show.
- You'll love Mia.
She's notorious for taking out
sexual predators.
Predators? Does she have a Code?
How many of Prater's gatherings
have you been to?
This is my fourth year.
- You must enjoy it.
- I enjoy the money.
I'm gonna take a quick shower.
Showering with a serial killer?
Uh. something just came up.
- Thanks for the run.
- What?
Fu...!
- You ever meet Ryan Foster?
- Ryan.
This fucker quit on me.
Don't suppose you know a spot
that can fix this?
Came in one piece. left in nine.
Really hope they catch that guy.
This is a dark path
you're going down.
I truly hope you don't become
like your dad.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Harrison. don't.
Dad?
You're-you're dead. I shot you.
I know this is a lot to process.
Let's just take a walk. bud...
How the fuck are you here?
How did you find me?
I promise I'll answer all of
your questions. just not here.
Are you stalking me?
No. I care about you.
I moved here to...
...to watch over you.
How the fuck are you alive?
Good question.
The ice-cold weather
slowed my heart rate
and I didn't bleed out.
but I was in a coma
for ten weeks.
The doctor said...
You're like a goddamn
horror movie villain.
like Michael Myers
or the fucking guy
with the hockey mask.
You think they're dead.
and then...
There certainly are
some similarities.
Here. have a seat.
How about something to drink?
Why aren't you in jail?
Chief Bishop cleared me
of all charges.
Logan shot at me.
I was unarmed.
Even she determined
it was self-defense.
You have no idea what that day
in the woods did to me.
Harrison.
It was me.
I made you shoot me.
I told you
to take the safety off.
I even pointed at my heart.
But I shouldn't have...
done that.
I shouldn't have
done that to you.
That shit's been stuck
in my head.
I've-I've been so...
so fucked-up. I...
I know about Ryan Foster.
It's how I tracked you down.
The body chopped up
into nine parts.
The bags.
Just how I taught you.
I understand
what you're going through.
When I was in college.
there was this frat guy.
a lot like Ryan...
predator. rapist.
He tried to assault
your Aunt Deb.
Get the fuck out of here!
And if she hadn't stopped me.
I would've done
the same thing you did.
So trust me. I get it.
I was just like you
when I was your age.
I felt that same darkness.
I thought about killing
all the time. too.
It wasn't until my first kill...
I was 20 years old...
that I felt. finally...
...that release.
Release?
I'm-I'm in hell.
I have nightmares
about killing Ryan.
I see his face everywhere.
This-this-this was his.
And-and all I hear is this
fucking ticking all the time.
and I-I-I can't.
I can't live with it.
I can't carry this guilt.
a-and that's why
I went to turn myself in.
Maybe we're not
as alike as I thought.
Harrison. think about
how many more women
Ryan would've hurt
if you hadn't intervened.
"Intervening" would've been
calling security.
not bashing someone's head in
with a toilet tank cover.
You tried to nurture something
in me that-that wasn't...
If you weren't you.
I never would've killed Ryan.
There's more to who you are
than your worst moment.
Is that what you told yourself
when Mom was murdered?
Okay. how about Aunt Deb?
Captain LaGuerta?
LaGuerta? How do you...
What are you talking about?
Batista.
I talked to him this morning.
You're not the only one
who tracked me down.
Looks like I'm officially
Batista's white whale.
He was trying
to get me to confess
that you're really
the Bay Harbor Butcher.
He even implied
that you-you trained me.
And what did you say?
I told him nothing.
Don't worry.
Batista doesn't have anything.
I talked to him like a week ago
in Iron Lake.
But that means he...
he let me think you were dead.
I-I don't. I don't even know
what to believe anymore.
Batista was just trying
to manipulate you.
Maybe.
But that doesn't mean
everything he said was a lie.
Here.
Let me take that.
Let me carry it for you.
So. you want to grab a bite?
What? N-No.
You don't get to just
come back from the dead
and act like everything's okay.
What makes you think
I even want you in my life?
I-I got to go.
Harrison. wait.
It's gonna take more than
just a conversation. Dex.
What am I supposed to do?
I don't know.
Believe it or not.
I spent most of my teenage years
in that foster home.
Foster home?
Holy shit. Leon Prater.
I thought you came from
daddy money.
Who knew you came from
such humble beginnings?
You must have had
incredible bootstraps
to lift yourself up
as high as you have.
Yes. but I also had a tremendous
amount of help along the way.
That's why it's so important
for me to give back.
I paid off the mortgage
of my foster family's home
after I made my first million.
Since then. I've paid off
the mortgage of every family
who's ever adopted a child
from that home.
Wow. We really have to talk
about this in the interview.
Well...
I prefer to keep that
off the record. if that's okay.
I want the focus more to be
on the good work
being done by the foster home.
Most people who have done what
you do want to advertise it.
We really should
talk about this.
Camera's ready in five.
Shit.
Hello?
This is Detective Wallace.
You called at 9:03 a.m.
You did not leave a voicemail.
Yeah. I-I actually.
um. I-I changed my mind.
I-I don't think that I actu...
I feel that this conversation
is more effective in person.
Come by my office.
Yeah. it's-it's. uh.
it's really not a good time.
I'm-I'm actually pretty busy.
I can come to you.
What is your current location?
Home? Work?
I suppose those are the same.
Your boss does not know
that you live
at the hotel. correct?
Uh. never mind.
I-I can. um. I can stop
by the precinct this afternoon.
Harrison doesn't want me.
I don't have any real friends.
There is a woman with whom
I have a lot in common.
She's not bad-looking. either.
Have a nice day.
I'm sure you will.
Thanks.
I didn't think
I'd hear from you.
I know.
I'm sorry I left so suddenly
the other day. but...
I want to make it up to you.
They're doing Swan Lake
at Lincoln Center.
You want to go?
I just figured
'cause you like ballet.
That sounds...
terrible.
Uh. okay. Sorry.
Swan Lake is the ballet
that you go to when you want
to take a nap with 2.000
other people also taking naps.
What else you got?
All of those countless
nights at the bowling alley
are about to finally pay off.
Mm. So close.
yet so tragically far.
Or not.
You're a better bowler
than you are a runner.
but that's not the highest bar.
Excuse me. Did you forget
I have another throw?
Did you forget
that the seven-ten split
is the hardest shot in bowling?
Maybe for lesser men.
Yes!
That hurt.
But it was worth it because now
the only way you can beat me
is if you bowl a strike.
No pressure.
Oh. gosh.
I better dry all this sweat
off my palms.
In my defense. I'm rusty.
And my shoulder's been
bothering me.
You really don't like
losing. do you?
Who likes losing?
Well. I'm just glad
I met someone else
who likes bowling.
What? You don't have
any bowling buddies back home?
I move around a lot.
so it's hard to make buddies.
Especially in our line of work.
I can relate.
Yeah?
I figured
since you were from here.
that you would at least
have family in New York.
Just a son who hates me
and a dead dad who lives
in my subconscious.
It's complicated.
As much as I'd like to be
in my family's life. I...
don't know that it's possible.
I get it.
I don't have a relationship
with my sister or my mother.
Haven't for years.
Because of... what happened?
Pretty much.
Hazel never got over the feeling
that I abandoned her
when I left
for the dance academy.
But I don't blame her.
I left her alone
with our mom's boyfriend.
And after
I handled that situation.
I could never tell her
the truth.
It sucks when you can't be
honest about who you are
with the people
you're closest to.
because you know that they would
turn their back on you.
It's hard to find someone who
sees the world the way we do.
Yeah. it is.
Is that the appeal
of Prater's group for you?
People who see the world
the same way?
Those guys are fine.
Except Lowell. He's a dick.
- Was a dick.
- Yeah.
But I have never spent time
with any of them
outside of Prater's dinners
until now.
Mmm.
Shauna just looked so upset
by what happened with Ryan.
And. uh. so I-I wanted
to apologize
for not doing more to help.
So that's why I called.
To get her number.
Why not get her telephone number
from the hotel?
Surely you have access
to that information.
Well. I'm-I'm a bellhop.
I-I don't have access to
anybody's personal information.
Your boss would not help?
Under these
very traumatic circumstances?
S-Stefan's not exactly
my biggest fan.
He wouldn't lift a finger
to help me.
And you thought that I would?
Well. yeah.
Yeah. kinda.
Well. I-I-I just... I...
I wish I-I said
or-or did something that night.
Maybe Shauna wouldn't have ended
up in Ryan's room. you know?
I felt so guilty when I...
found out who that guy was.
Guilty?
That is
an interesting word choice.
I often find
that the best predictor
for future behavior
is past behavior.
According to
The Iron Lake Gazette.
your behavior was
downright heroic.
Some might even say
you have a hero complex.
No. that-that-that's why
I want to talk to Shauna.
I wasn't a hero.
I let her down.
I let myself down.
Maybe we should discuss
your time in Iron Lake.
Look. could-could you just
give me her phone number?
It's the only reason I called.
We do not give out
victims' personal information.
especially not
to a potential suspect.
S-Suspect?
I'm-I'm st-still a suspect?
Yes.
Am I allowed to leave?
Of course.
You are not under arrest.
Yet.
- We ready to go?
- Ready.
You ready?
I think so.
All right. great.
So. this is
your gala's tenth year
benefiting the New York City
Police Foundation.
And with only 200 attendees...
Yeah.
...it's the toughest ticket
in town.
Any surprises?
Any celebrities coming?
Of course.
But the true guests of honor
will be the wounded officers.
That is admirable.
But given the recent criticism
of police departments.
what explains
your continued financial support
of this organization?
Ah. you're getting to
the "tough questions" part
of the interview.
aren't you. Lesley?
In truth. my support comes from
a deeply personal place.
When I was a young boy.
both my parents were killed
by a drunk driver.
I was in the back seat.
And if it hadn't been
for those brave officers. I...
Um...
It was
a formative time in my life.
The gala actually takes place
on the anniversary
of my parents' death.
A philanthropist.
self-made billionaire.
orphan.
I have to ask you:
Leon Preter. who are you?
Hmm.
So. which way you headed?
I'm this way.
Well. guess this is goodbye.
Or...
I heard about this new wine bar.
You want
to check it out tonight?
Yeah. I'd love that.
I'll text you the address.
Okay.
Have you ever considered...
a ménage à trois?
Shouldn't it just be
the two of us.
at least for the first time?
I meant on the job.
Oh. my God. Red.
I'm talking about
collaborating on a kill.
Two against one?
Think about it.
Could be fun.
Frozen margarita mix.
come to me.
I pick up a seven-ten split
and I still lose?
You're thinking about
Mia's proposal.
Lady Vengeance
and the Bay Harbor Butcher.
Kind of has a nice ring to it.
Two vigilantes taking out the
evildoers of the world together.
Seems like the perfect match.
You're fucking with me.
aren't you?
Dex. when did teaming up
with another killer
ever work for you?
Miguel Prado? Lumen?
They weren't killers.
not real ones.
Mia would be different.
But she thinks you're Red.
And there's got to be
something wrong with her
if she wants to kill
with a sicko
who saws
rideshare drivers' heads off.
There's something wrong
with both of us.
Stop acting like
you're on my side.
Maybe she's on my side.
Maybe she does have
a problem with it.
which is why she asked me
to join one of her kills.
Or maybe I'll tell Mia
who I really am.
Think how excited she'll be
when she finds out
we both have a Code.
Or maybe she'll tell Prater
you're the Bay Harbor Butcher.
who's killed
over 150 serial killers.
and you wind up on your
brother's exsanguination table.
I bet the margarita will work
better if I drink it.
You're only considering this
with Mia
because of what happened
with Harrison this morning.
Ow!
Prudence.
- Are you hurt?
- No. no.
No. I am okay.
Just a little embarrassed.
Then let's get you inside.
Come on.
Oh. my God. what happened?!
She had a fall
on the front stoop.
Are you dizzy?
Is your vision blurry?
- No.
- Did you black out?
- No. I...
- Don't tell me
you skipped taking
your medication again.
I am fine.
I tripped over that sidewalk
crack you keep promising to fix.
We need to take you
to the hospital.
Would you mind
bringing my car around?
- Sure.
- Blessing. I am not
going anywhere.
You're making too big a fuss.
She's been having these episodes
ever since she stopped
radiation therapy.
Sorry. I had no idea.
If she'd just let the doctors
do their job...
Radiation did nothing
but make me nauseous.
I guarantee you.
falling and breaking your neck
will feel a lot worse
than nausea!
I don't want to talk about this.
If you want to help.
you can put the groceries away
and make me some tea.
No! We are going to see
Dr. Rosner at Mount Sinai!
Blessing. tea! Now!
Please. talk some sense
into her.
Eh. Sons.
Well. for what it's worth...
...if you were my mom.
I'd feel the same way.
You're lucky to have each other.
This is true.
But it does not change
God's plan.
Blessing needs to make
his peace with that.
I suppose it is easier for me.
I am 84 years old.
I have seen the world.
I have looked in the face
of good and evil.
And right now you're
looking into the eyes of both.
I have lived a remarkable life.
I don't want to see it end
in a tiny room.
surrounded by doctors
and-and machines.
It's not often I see someone
so comfortable
facing their own death.
I want to be in the house
where I raised my family.
where I welcomed friends
to eat my food
and hear my stories.
You don't want to die alone.
Exactly.
Mm. Honey.
Mom.
How are you?
Eh. you know.
Been better.
How was your day?
You know that student
I told you about?
Tanisha?
She finally read a book
in front of the whole class.
Aw...
I never thought
I'd see her do it.
Big step for
that shy little third grader.
Right now
they're clean. sterile. unused.
but they suggest promise.
Possibilities of
good things to come.
Sorry. Lowell.
Some things just don't fit.
I'm gonna need a bigger box.
But what I really need is
a home for my new friends.
Not an inch of free space.
Joy's hiding spot for her weed.
It's no secret vault.
but it'll do.
I don't need
to live my life surrounded by
people who know me.
but one would be nice.
What do you want?
Um. was just...
...calling to check in.
see how you're doing.
I'm not ready to talk yet.
I'm sorry. I don't know
what all the rules are here.
I want to give you space. but...
Then do it.
It's called boundaries.
Can we meet up just for a bit?
No. no. I've-I've got
too much shit going on.
like the fucking
Ryan Foster investigation.
Oh. Still?
Well. what can I do to help?
Nothing.
There's got to be something
a father can do to help his son.
Those are called legs.
And the higher the alcohol
content. the longer the legs.
I have always been
a bit of a leg man.
I think I'm getting blueberry?
Close. Blackberry.
- Ah.
- What else?
Mm...
I'd make a terrible sommelier.
The tasting notes
don't have to be literal.
Just close your eyes and think
about what it makes you feel.
Okay.
It reminds me of Miami.
After it rains.
You're a better somm
than you think.
It's common for our subconscious
to affect
what we taste and smell.
Have you spent
a lot of time in Miami?
Actually...
I grew up there.
Really?
I thought for sure
you were one of those
stubborn New Yorkers
who spent their whole lives
within five city blocks.
Hmm.
What else have you been hiding?
Well. I've been thinking about...
Have you considered...
I've been thinking about
what you asked me earlier.
I have. too.
And I understand
why you asked me to join you.
There's probably a lot about...
how the Dark Passenger does
things that makes you hesitant.
especially since
you clearly have a type.
And I do. too.
But. um...
...it's not what you think.
Hey.
Whatever it is. it's okay.
Honestly. I was gonna say
it would be fun
to try it your way.
Seems like
kind of a small target
to find a rideshare driver
who's also a sexual predator.
Any driver will do.
But you only kill
sexual predators.
What about the story you told me
about your mom's boyfriend?
Sure...
it started out that way.
He was my origin story.
And then. the next few times.
I targeted men like him
because I wanted to create
the rush of my first kill.
But between us.
I just enjoy killing.
And when I have an itch...
I scratch it.
What? Don't tell me
you were into
all that Lady Vengeance crap.
No. No. of course not.
Good. Because that's the media
constantly trying
to find some deep meaning
in what I do.
You and Al and Lowell
don't have to have
some noble reason
for the people
you choose to kill.
You're right.
You know what really annoys me?
That society doesn't think
that a woman
could possibly
just enjoy murder.
She has to be some crusader.
a victim who fights back.
So. your trophies...
...those men you killed
were innocent?
I mean...
define "innocent."
But yeah.
The media still labeled
most of them predators.
But the truth is...
I'm the predator.
And I'm the idiot
who didn't see that.
Are you sure everything is okay?
Everything is
the opposite of okay.
Everything's great.
Good.
Then...
let's do one of yours. tonight.
Tonight?
Yes. Why not?
Let's be spontaneous.
Do you have everything you need?
I have a kill kit in my car.
Ooh. a kill kit.
Very official.
I just bring my victims
back to my place.
I'll get the check
and you run out to your car.
I'll meet you at the corner.
Hate to say I told you so.
Then why'd you say it?
What did you expect. Dex?
There's no one else
in the world like you.
It's a compliment.
You're disappointed. I get it.
But Mia was never the answer.
Harrison is.
Thanks. Dad.
I'll take it from here.
This would be romantic.
if not for my date's enthusiasm
over watching me
decapitate someone.
So. how does your saw work?
Actually. no.
I want to be surprised.
Do you call a UrCar?
No. you can't.
You would get caught.
So. do you just go up
to any random one?
We should find a quieter street.
one with fewer witnesses.
Why? There are tons
of rideshare drivers here.
Plus. I am the perfect cover.
Drivers are on alert
for a lone male passenger.
No one is gonna get sketched out
by a couple on a date.
Hi!
- Trina?
- That's me.
See? Already a pro.
Sorry. Ours is an SUV.
What was that? We were in.
It wasn't...
First of all. you don't have
a hoodie like mine.
Your face could wind up
on camera.
Well. then you should've said
something earlier.
I'm thinking you're having a
bad case of performance anxiety.
Um. yeah. Kind of.
I'm not ready to let
someone else into my process.
I'm used to operating alone.
So am I. but at least
I'm open to new experiences.
I thought you were. too.
First the shower and now this?
You're a tease.
I should've known
you were too good to be true.
That makes two of us.
Whatever.
You're allowed
to change your mind.
But you got me all murder horny.
so I'm gonna go and do my thing.
Guess I'll see you at Prater's.
Got to be honest.
This is not how I wanted
the night to end.
It's already
going to be suspicious
when one of Prater's
dinner guests disappears
right after
the new guy shows up.
But two?
When Harry's right. he's right.
Trust me. you look good.
Trust me. I know.
Don't have too much fun.
Rye. Neat. He'll have one. too.
Really?
I mean. I can totally
buy you a drink.
Here. Um...
Drinks are on me.
Whatever happens
the rest of the night is on you.
I had hoped the night would end
with me in Mia's apartment.
but I didn't know
I'd be breaking in.
But sometimes
what seems like a dead end...
...can lead to an unseen path.
Ah...
Wow. Very nice.
Is this
the original wooden beam?
And another trophy
for her jewelry box.
Lose the clothes.
and I'll get us drinks.
Wine okay?
Uh. I'm not really a vino guy.
And that is why...
you have to die.
I've had enough red
tonight anyway.
Sorry. mon ami.
But don't worry.
this will all be over soon.
911. What's your emergency?
There's a guy
screaming next door.
I think some chick's trying
to murder him.
I heard her call herself
Lady Vengeance or some shit.
You got to send help.
Sir. try and stay calm.
Can you...
Stay calm. my ass!
The guy's in fucking trouble!
It's fucking Lady Vengeance!
It's 758 Albany Avenue.
Fifth floor. Hurry!
Help is on the way.
What is your phone number?
You're gonna be my first kill
in New York City.
Just your luck. huh?
Don't worry.
Once the lye burns holes
through your corneas.
you won't be able to see
what I'm about to do to you.
You will feel it. though.
NYPD!
Just in time.
New York's finest
at their finest.
Ryan Foster. serial rapist.
you are now a victim
of Lady Vengeance.
Even if I can't be
in my son's life.
at least I can make sure
he has a life.
What do you think?
Hotel victim's watch?
Yes. it is.
Chalk up another one
to Lady Vengeance.
I do not like that moniker.
Mia LaPierre.
Thanks to inscriptions
and other identifiers.
we've already been able to link
several of these trinkets
to her suspected vics.
Bet you ten bucks
this is oxidized bleach.
I did not anticipate
a serial killer.
Well. in a way.
your theory was right.
Foster was murdered by someone
with a hero complex.
who also had enough know-how to
chop up and dispose of his body.
I do not think
that makes me right.
but I appreciate
your attempt to commiserate.
I try.
Find a way to get us an audience
with Ms. LaPierre
as soon as possible.
On it.
It really is an amazing home.
You have a full city block
in Lower Manhattan.
And I understand that you are
quite an incredible chef.
Well. I am
fortunate enough to have learned
from some of the best chefs
in the world.
But no one's given me
my own cooking show just yet.
Well. this is a great place
for a dinner party.
I can only imagine
the guests you have had up here.
Ah.
You'd be surprised at who agrees
to come to my humble abode.
So. this is
your gala's tenth year
benefiting the New York City Police...
Sir. we need to talk.
And with only 200 attendees.
it's the toughest ticket...
I found where Mia's being held.
but there's a problem.
I can't get to her. and the Feds
could move her at any moment.
I hired you
to make problems go away.
Did I make a mistake?
No. sir. You did not.
Philanthropist.
self-made billionaire. orphan.
I have to ask you:
Leon Prater. who are you?
Evidence suggests
that Mr. Foster.
the victim of last week's murder
at the Empire Hotel.
was killed by Mia LaPierre.
aka Lady Vengeance.
What the fuck?
LaPierre has been arrested
and is being held without bail.
- That's all the info we have...
- Harrison!
Check this out.
They arrested
Ryan Foster's killer.
- What?
- And get this:
It was a fucking serial killer.
Lady Vengeance.
Pretty wild to think
one of FBI's Most Wanted
took out a hotel guest.
How did they know it was her?
Looks like one of Ryan's things
was at her place.
along with
all this other stuff she kept
from rapists she's murdered.
Was it you?
Sorry if I overstepped
your boundaries.
Can I come in?
Of course.
So. should I go first or...
Having a serial killer arrested.
Doesn't sound like you.
Yeah. no shit.
I was recently reminded
how important it is
to have people in your life
who truly know you.
That's you. Harrison.
Do I. though?
Do I really?
I was so surprised
when your mom loved me.
When you were born.
I was scared to death.
I... I didn't know
how to have a family...
...and still be me.
Trinity seemed like
a devoted husband and father.
I thought
I could learn from him.
Stupid.
I let the line blur between
Trinity being my mentor and...
...my target.
After I killed him...
...I came home and discovered
he'd already killed your mom.
She died because of
my selfishness.
Because of my mistake.
And it broke me.
The truth.
Finally.
What's to stop innocent people
from dying again.
because of you?
I'm hoping the difference can be
having you in my life.
But I'm-I'm not like you.
I know.
And I don't want you to be.
Not anymore.
Harrison. that you almost
turned yourself in to the cops
proves you have a...
goodness. a humanity.
that I never will.
- I-I wish I thought that.
- It's true.
And that's why I need you.
I promise I won't try to
mold you in my image ever again.
I'm sorry.
Harrison. I have
so many reasons to kill.
But you're my reason to live.
I still want a family.
And you're all I have.
You're all I have. too.
You did good.
Ten minutes.
That's all you get.
The guard said
I'd be talking to a lawyer.
I didn't know
you went to law school.
- Harvard.
- Of course you did.
What are you doing here?
I just wanted to look you
in the eye.
To be sure.
Look. I fucked up.
I know the game.
I'm not gonna ask for help.
if that's what
you're worried about.
I'm certainly not gonna do
anything stupid.
like ask for money
or make threats.
Our mutual friend
appreciates that
and will make sure
that your time here is
as comfortable and short
as possible.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm